Add ability to export subsets (#2760)
spacetelescope/jdaviz: docs/cubeviz/plugins.rst

Export
======

This plugin allows exporting:

* the plot in a given viewer to a PNG or SVG file,
* a table in a plugin to ecsv

> * subsets a Regions to .fits or .reg file.

Reviewer: (not quite sure what you intended here, but whatever change is made should also be made to the imviz page)

```suggestion
* a subset as a region to .fits or .reg file.
```
